README.md, before:

# dp-data-table

dp Data Table is a simple ready to integrate component made in React using bootstrap styling.

#### Screenshot
![dp Data Table](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/daniepaul/dp-data-table/master/screenshots/with-filter-and-pagination.png)

## Integration

Here is a sample integration:

```js
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/react/15.0.0/react.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/react/15.0.0/react-dom.js"></script>
<script src="dist/dpDataTable.js"></script>
<script>
  window.RenderDpDataTable({
    selector: '#data-table-1',
    items: [.......]
  });
</script>
```

React Integration:

```js
import React from 'react';
import DpDataTable from 'dp-data-table';

......

<DataTable items={[.......]} />

```

To have proper styling, include bootstrap.

## Options
The options are passed in as props when used as a React component.

 Option    | Type       | Description 
 ----------|------------|------------
 items     | array      | Collection of items to bind to the grid 
 headers   | array      | array of keys and their matching Header names.```[{'first_name' : 'First Name'}]```
 hidePagination  | boolean | Boolean to hide the pagination values. Setting this to ```true``` will show all items in same page.
 itemsPerPage  | number | No of items per page. Default is 15.
 isLoading  | boolean | Boolean to show the loading icon over the grid.
 iconClasses  | object | An object with all the class names for the font icons used in the project. ```{LOADING: 'glyphicon glyphicon-refresh'}```. Available options to override: LOADING, EDIT, DELETE, PAGE_PREV, PAGE_NEXT, FILTER, SORT_NONE, SORT_ASC, SORT_DESC  
 showFilter  | boolean | Boolean to show the filter input
 filterableFields  | array | Array of item property keys that can be made filterable. If not provided, all columns are filterable.
 onFiltering  | function | Override function for filter. ```onFiltering({items, filterString})```
 showSort  | boolean | Boolean to show column sort
 sortableFields  | array | Array of column keys which can be sorted.
 onSorting  | function | Override function to sort```onDeleting({items, sortKey, sortOrder})```
 onEditing  | function | Event handler for editing a row. The edit icon is enabled only when a function is supplied to this option.```onEditing({item, index})```
 onDeleting  | function | Event handler for deleting a row. The delete icon is enabled only when a function is supplied to this option.```onDeleting({item, index})```
 onItemsChange  | function | Event handler to get all changes that happen within the component. ```onItemChange(e)```

## Development

* Development server `npm start`.
* Continuously run tests on file changes `npm run watch-test`;
* Run tests: `npm test`;
* Build `npm run build`;

Commit message:

View and context rows with dependencies upgrade

README.md, after:

# dp-data-table

dp Data Table is a simple ready to integrate component made in React using bootstrap styling.

#### Screenshot
![dp Data Table](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/daniepaul/dp-data-table/master/screenshots/with-filter-and-pagination.png)

## Integration

Here is a sample integration:

```js
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/react/15.0.0/react.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/react/15.0.0/react-dom.js"></script>
<script src="dist/dpDataTable.js"></script>
<script>
  window.RenderDpDataTable({
    selector: '#data-table-1',
    items: [.......]
  });
</script>
```

React Integration:

```js
import React from 'react';
import DpDataTable from 'dp-data-table';

......

<DataTable items={[.......]} />

```

To have proper styling, include bootstrap.

## Options
The options are passed in as props when used as a React component.

 Option    | Type       | Description 
 ----------|------------|------------
 items     | array      | Collection of items to bind to the grid 
 headers   | array      | array of keys and their matching Header names.```[{'first_name' : 'First Name'}]```
 hidePagination  | boolean | Boolean to hide the pagination values. Setting this to ```true``` will show all items in same page.
 itemsPerPage  | number | No of items per page. Default is 15.
 isLoading  | boolean | Boolean to show the loading icon over the grid.
 iconClasses  | object | An object with all the class names for the font icons used in the project. ```{LOADING: 'glyphicon glyphicon-refresh'}```. Available options to override: LOADING, EDIT, DELETE, PAGE_PREV, PAGE_NEXT, FILTER, SORT_NONE, SORT_ASC, SORT_DESC  
 showFilter  | boolean | Boolean to show the filter input
 filterableFields  | array | Array of item property keys that can be made filterable. If not provided, all columns are filterable.
 onFiltering  | function | Override function for filter. ```onFiltering({items, filterString})```
 showSort  | boolean | Boolean to show column sort
 sortableFields  | array | Array of column keys which can be sorted.
 showContextColor  | boolean | Boolean to add context css to table row. Setting this to ```true``` will apply the ```__dp__contextCss``` property of item, to the row.
 onSorting  | function | Override function to sort```onDeleting({items, sortKey, sortOrder})```
 onEditing  | function | Event handler for editing a row. The edit icon is enabled only when a function is supplied to this option.```onEditing({item, index})```
 onDeleting  | function | Event handler for deleting a row. The delete icon is enabled only when a function is supplied to this option.```onDeleting({item, index})```
 onView  | function | Event handler for viewing details of a row. The view icon is enabled only when a function is supplied to this option.```onView({item, index})```
 onItemsChange  | function | Event handler to get all changes that happen within the component. ```onItemChange(e)```

## Development

* Development server `npm start`.
* Continuously run tests on file changes `npm run watch-test`;
* Run tests: `npm test`;
* Build `npm run build`;
